when we heard about we were promised it
was going to be like this you know
really raunchy sexy and i was watching
it
where is the sex but my god once you
pull the
rip cord it's it's non-stop
there's a bit i mean even you must have
been kind of you know at the table read
you must have been going
i haven't spoken for pages
well i've got my mouth full half time
i was consistent because i think that's
important to see on tv as well because
yeah
that is uncommon that you see that kind
of power dynamic in rochi scenes
and that's part of the way that we did
want to modernize the show so the duke
does have his mouth full and he's proud
of it
um but yes there was there was a fair
bit um to be done
on the show because you're really going
for it but you're going for it in
kind of beautiful locations i mean
like and occasionally very uncomfortable
locations well yeah those library steps
didn't look easy
and
didn't you have room monitors in the
stately homes well this is a problem
because the set
as usual is more valuable than any of
the actors so if you're in like you know
a 200 year old bed or a 400 year old
four poster
um it has to have a reminder like you
know when people kind of bring very
expensive jewelry around they have to
have
a bodyguard there's a bodyguard for the
room and so all times you know you've
got this
minimal set everyone gets very quiet
very respectful and you kind of you
de-robe
and you hit the bed and then there's
also just like fran in the corner who's
just standing there just kind of
deciding whether or not to look she's
like i have to look i'm not allowed to
look i have to look
could you please go easy on the bed it's
very very hard it's not
quite so enthusiastic oh do go on
i'll stop them in a minute
presumably you had to have the awkward
kind of family conversation before
yeah a little bit um i mean we've got a
family whatsapp group so there's a
couple of you know flash and red light
emojis
and the odd peach emoji um certain
people have threatened to rate my peach
um but we missed a couple of family
members and so
people who enjoy the fact that like a
couple of cousins missed the memo um and
so they're watching the show i got a
very stern message
in my my instagram dms i'll do enough
just going
there really needs to be a cousin
warming i had to make so many tactical
cups of tea
and i left the room and made my tactical
cup of tea and came back and you were
still
going so you had to start doing pots of
tea you know you had to kind of
keep building up the three-course meal a
tasting menu
you